and what's up guys, how are we in the
second channel again and good this
dragon many people what has the channel
in this case you can bring a tutorial
quite interesting how to get
the seven dragon balls that are very
important this game as we can
make a wish as you already know and we will
come very well just do not
they come to secondary missions without
connection we can also do it with
connection but good you can do it without
connection no problem we present the
first mission and we choose the 02 it's worth
is preparing for the attack that jan then
enter it once this is where
that mission what we have to do is
pass us the first part that will defeat
to krillin tension and already wide if not
I remember badly good here you can choose the
character that you want your character
one of the machine with your geral that
it does not matter anymore and we have to pass
the first part first thing this mission
it does not always come out is to say what we have
what to achieve is to defeat these three
characters from the beginning and that we get
a character to do a mission
secondary is worth if that character does not
we have done it well it is worth it if we do not have
than to repeat the mission but that
you'll see that it takes nothing a minute
in defeating these three characters worth
once defeated these three characters
as I say in these small portals that
the clicks are encolumnan
a character every time to see how I say no
always comes out so when we get out
you have to repeat the mission again
of the ice star retry and give
you try again worth advice with zoo
and if your doll does not have much level
in this case I have almost 50 level so
it happened very fast if you do not have it
you can fuck is a doll machine
and it is already valid here as you are seeing
what happened the first part and I get the
character is worth then let's talk
with him if not no, if it does not come out as said
then we go back to repeat it without any
problem we talk to him we fight with
him and this is very important too
when we fight against him he can
give the dragonball or we can not
give is to say if you do not give it to us we have
to repeat again but I'm going to
teach how to know if you gave it or not
yes, as you are seeing, we are going to
defeat and once defeated we will
leave what objects has given us can
give two normal objects that are some
badges that can defend them by
inside such or we can give the time of
lake as I am seeing I have killed and
bets get objects to combine
this does not interest us and has returned to
get an object to combine
So here we have failed because we do not
has given us the ball then we will have
to give to be again and re try
again the mission is worth in this case I
I'll put a video and
where I get it with my character that
you are seeing me I passed the first
part fought against this passenger
time you are watching it as I passed
the first part as I say and already when
we defeated her tells us that we have
got the dragonball as you go to
see now it is worth then and I tell you that
it's pretty easy to get them
yes it is true that sometimes you lose
a little while since it has to be
all the time trying trying
trying but once he gets it
the ball is no problem as you see
once you get it this is at
key object there is when we already know
that they have given us the dragonball and now
all we have to do is
finish the mission that we have to
fight later against peak the someone and
then against goku we finished the mission
gives us the dragonball gives us also
the infrequent object that good the
badge that can later be sold and
nothing more guys like that we've got the
we can make a dragon ball
lots of times to get seven
since when we get the 7 we can
ask for that wish that may be a wish
of an ability to improve our
character to get a character that
You can not get normally is ,
normal in the game so they give us
some things that are pretty cool
it's worth it so nothing guys I hope you
has helped this kind of video if it's
so you can leave your like
your comment and share
so that more people know the little
this trick and nothing guys to give
a lot of cane this mission
If you have any questions, leave me your
comments and I answer everything and nothing
guys has already uploaded one more video
go on talking about about the game
yes yes I liked it and all that already
I say that I loved the game but
I will try to explain a bit then what to give
the game whether it's worth it or not for the
people who have doubts about whether to buy it
it's not worth it so nothing boy is a pleasure
again be here in the channel a
I greet everyone and goodbye